Translation corrections (#155)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_tips_086.txt

//rそれだけに、…結構本気で尊敬しているだけに、kこの大食い癖さえなければ巴は、人前以上の容姿と快活な性格であまたの色男たちをはべらす才媛でいられたであろうことが非常に悔やまれて仕方がなかった…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それだけに、…結構本気で尊敬しているだけに、",
			NULL, "For that reason... they'd grown to respect her. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "この大食い癖さえなければ巴は、人前以上の容姿と快活な性格であまたの色男たちをはべらす才媛でいられたであろうことが非常に悔やまれて仕方がなかった…。",

> 			NULL, "He deeply regretted that were it not for her extreme eating habits, her good looks and lively personality, she could be a talented woman with the most handsome of men at her beck and call...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "He deeply regretted that were it not for her extreme eating habits, a talented woman with her good looks and lively personality could have the most handsome of men at her beck and call...", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#54636b>藤田</color>", NULL, "<color=#54636b>Fujita</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s20/31/vtt_fujita3012", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「とりあえず、息子夫婦には早退してもらいまして。",
			NULL, "\"For now, the son and his wife have left early.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s20/31/vtt_fujita3013", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "色々と任意で聞き込みをしましたが、…収穫は、ゼロでした。",

> 			NULL, " They voluntarily answered to various questions, but... I didn't get any leads.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " They voluntarily answered to questioning, but... I didn't get any leads.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r…公由　夏美の証言通り、雛見沢の出身者でも『オヤシロさまの祟り』を信奉しているのは老人たちがほとんどで、k中年層から下はほとんど笑い飛ばすか、せいぜい道徳的なうすい敬虔しか持っていなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…公由　夏美の証言通り、雛見沢の出身者でも『オヤシロさまの祟り』を信奉しているのは老人たちがほとんどで、",

> 			NULL, "...According to Natsumi Kimiyoshi, it's mostly the elderly who believe in \"Oyashiro-sama's curse.\", even in Hinamizawa.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...According to Natsumi Kimiyoshi, it's mostly the elderly who believe in \"Oyashiro-sama's curse,\" even in Hinamizawa.", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtt_tomoe3070", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ひょっとしたら、その発端が警察にあるんじゃないかって、こちらを恨んでいることだって考えられるでしょうね…」",
			NULL, "\"Perhaps they developed a grudge against us, thinking we're to blame for driving Kazuma into causing that incident...\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//藤田rvS20/31/VTT_fujita3017.「そんな…。kvS20/31/VTT_fujita3018.そんなこと言い出したら、介護福祉センターに入居させたことがそもそもの始まりじゃないですか。kvS20/31/VTT_fujita3019.警察を逆恨みするのは、筋違いだと思いますが？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#54636b>藤田</color>", NULL, "<color=#54636b>Fujita</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s20/31/vtt_fujita3017", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そんな…。",
			NULL, "\"No way...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s20/31/vtt_fujita3018", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そんなこと言い出したら、介護福祉センターに入居させたことがそもそもの始まりじゃないですか。",
			NULL, " If they're going to say that, can't you say it began when they sent him to the care and welfare center?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 31, "ps3/s20/31/vtt_fujita3019", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "警察を逆恨みするのは、筋違いだと思いますが？」",

> 			NULL, " Doesn't it seem illogical for them to develop a resentment for the police instead?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Doesn't it seem illogical for them to develop resentment toward the police instead?\"", Line_Normal);
```
